ah Dorado now he shoots and it's off the
chest of Farber and then it hits the
hand of pavatt chick and it's gonna be
Cougars ball that will stop the clock
with 328 left a 9 9 ty but Stockton is
down a man they'll need a short-handed
goal to go on top here at 10 9 little
paws out with a yellow card he's done
328 remaining fourth quarter Chris hands
are in attendance watching he played
last night with a Denver dynamite but
Paris he was gonna put this back in play
for Stockton in just a moment it's a
fourth foul of a half for PABA chicken
now he has to come out you know it's
it's very interesting the officials I
honestly we haven't seen us at all this
season but they have done it now twice
in this quarter where they have call an
accumulation of fouls forth by pavatt
check the fourth by Robledo
Stockton's at five fouls for since their
last time they had the blue carpet
Edmonton's it 3 right now it is a minute
31 on the power play against Stockton
now 2 minutes in the cruise line power
play in favor of Stockton after pavatt 6
fourth foul we're also both teams at
equal strength with 4 in front of their
keepers Lovaas still out there with a
yellow card while foot back and play
viola parasteel says cito got a foot on
it stopped it but Barbara's got a back
as he wins it at midfield
Barbour working with Antonio now kicks
over to SUSE SUSE he runs up looks to
shoot no knocks it down
across the goal no he missed it farmers
gonna go back after it near corner there
inside Edmonton territory boy Susie's
gonna want that one back here's Lapera
co kicks over to antonio the veterans on
the field Susie Sutton Farber and Lapera
co Susi get it out of there now over to
Sutton's Sutton looking to shoot sends
one from long distance kicked away by
Elko they actually saved that one with
his hands and knocked it away
Farber going after it knocked it down
finds Pedro Pedro over to Antonio goes
off the board Sutton got a breakaway he
said the other line top of the box goes
at the outside looks the shoot off of
the boards Antonio back onto his feet
going after he can't get it in time
Edmonton has it on defense and he'll go
clears it out but he gets it up to the
midfield line and Lapera seals gonna go
after it is it just stays in bounds line
change for Edmonton they send in two new
guys with a pair Co since a town filled
for Antonio Antonio the header over to -
SUSE SUSE - Farber shoots blocked by
Elko another shot hit stopped by Elko on
the boards and the ball kicked across
the line
he'll go I think got that out the side
of his head he's holding on to it here
he's hurt he's
back in accessibility our CEO has it now
goes off of the boards into the box suzi
over ran it it's up to the yellow line
in Edmondson territory Sutton steps into
it my skew goes after it he's got it
clears it away in this up towards
midfield here comes says steno at the
other side just 2:05 left in the contest
five seconds on the power play against
well played off the cross says teetotal
lamb he looks to shoot no it's headed
into the air by Sutton he plays it over
to Malina he's got it
155 left in the contest recruiters at
full strength with 23 seconds left in
the power play against Edmonton the fans
are on their feet we're tied at 9 in the
fourth quarter in this semifinal contest
ball at midfield Nelson Santana has it
gets it to they get a line puts a move
on my skew shoots missed it wide it's
off of the board's Auto Leone will
change it down and goes towards midfield
Antonio Sutton has it rolls it backwards
for Michele Otto Otto Otto Otto now to
the near side a minute 29 left Leone's
got it a 9 9 tie here in the fourth
quarter we're at Stockton arena
Santana's got it both teams at equals
strength in full strength for both teams
Lou Bava still out over the yellow card
he'll watch the ball sent into the
corner near side Robledo going after it
rolls e down low and Ilkka will stop it
into the glass this Edmonton team won in
overtime last night ball thrown in
midfield Otto Otto take away Cougars
have numbers Onorato works his way to
the other line finds Leone he stops it
puts a move on glass he shoots well
redirected by ref little away from the
goal uriel goes back after it works his
way down though works his way into ilk
oh he poked it out of there
ball rolls a shape of the boards in the
near side inside a minute to go 55
seconds left the Cougars looking for
that walk-off shot here who will take it
folks better Santana Leone a Dorado and
Robledo on the field Leone sir Uriel he
fell down glass going after it Leone's
got it ball sent to me feel pavatt check
who had just came back on he's got it 40
seconds left Santana forces him into the
boards he and better team up on the stop
they win it 36 seconds left Vetter nice
pass over to Otto Otto to midfield Leone
looking for go Plato at the other side
31 seconds left inside the other line
ball sent off the boards goes high into
the air Oh Plato's there knocks it down
ball loose in the Box Robledo runs up no
can't get the shot off it's cleared away
23 seconds left fourth quarter nine-nine
were tied Mikkel Otto Otto just outside
the Alliance Thompson will take his time
17 seconds left Santana kicks it deep
into the far corner
Leone going after it ball kicked away by
my skew and now Piniella has it 9
seconds left on the cross goes of the
near side still deep in in Edmonton
territory better take away it Stephen
quarterly Oni going after cleared away
by Edmonton two seconds one second
daughter Otto's shoots they got it they
got it they got it as time expired but
Joanne Toronto I can't believe it I
can't believe it unbelievable
unbelievable Michelle Imperato got it's
it's over it's over the officials are
going to wait they're gonna look at it
is it does it count does it counts
macelli's time expired he's shot from
inside the yellow line he shot it in got
it it just passed ilke oh good team in a
mob dives on top of at midfield Michelle
to walk off and now the officials would
see Otto Otto got the shot off he got it
but it's just a question if he got it
before time expired oh my goodness the
greatest into a game I have ever seen
but does it count the officials still
trying to figure it out well there's
there's no way to do it according to the
to the video replay there's no time
inserted on that I'm not sure that we
have a way to check this
I think they're saying that we're going
to overtime